Add the resource group section for the compute node. (#515)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: operate/workload-isolation-interaction.mdx

A *resource group* is a named logical pool consisting of specific compute nodes (CNs) within your RisingWave cluster. Administrators typically define these groups and their associated CNs during cluster setup or configuration.

### Defining a resource group

> Resource groups are defined by assigning compute nodes to them at startup. Each compute node can be independently assigned to a named group, and all workers launched with the same resource group name collectively form that logical group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You define a resource group by assigning compute nodes to it when starting these compute nodes. Each compute node can be independently assigned to a named group. All compute nodes launched with the same resource group name collectively form that logical group, allowing them to be managed and targeted as a single unit.
```

> This assignment is done when launching a worker by using the `--resource-group` command-line flag or by setting the `RW_RESOURCE_GROUP` environment variable.

Reviewer: @shanicky Can we provide an example here? I don't know how to launch/start a compute node. And by using the enrironmental variable approach, when this compute node is started, it'll be automatically running on the assigned resource group, right? 

And here "worker" = "compute node", I assume.

Author: Yes, the worker is the compute node. I added an example like this. Is that okay?

Reviewer: @shanicky Looks good. Thanks.
